Rocio Carrasco has lost another
civil proceeding, she filed a lawsuit against him a long
year ago, man, how slow
this is and what laziness the lawsuits eh, I mean,
look at you now this that he comes back, I mean,
Kiko Matamoros already won in the first
instance, in the second instance and now he
has won in the supreme court. Kiko Matamoros
was sued by Rocio Carrasco, he came to
say something like Rocio Carrasco had
missed some medical appointment for the child or
something like that. Kiko Matamoros
assures in 2019 on the
Tele5 weekend program that Rocio Carrasco had not
taken her youngest son to the
medical appointment with the neurologist,
journalistic truth and now judicial reason of
the first many of us do not doubt Well, in
the end, she sued Kiko Matamoros, that's why
you, I mean, look at you, suing a
person for saying that is that he appeals and
appeals the most obvious thing But why do you
appeal? He always appeals until the
end, but look at you and then pay and
then pay things the supreme court
ratifies previous instances  Kiko
Matamoro did not violate the privacy of
Carrasco and her children; it was of public interest.